How can I get back?
I don't know.
This level of boss
I've only seen it at staff meetings
But walk around
Are you all right?
Yeah.
So he is the legendary richest man.
I didn't expect to be so young
Is it in your hand?
Mr. Yan Gu Qingqing is a new employee of the company
He is a warm-hearted
He took the initiative to do these things
Is it Gu Qingqing?
I want to
Yes, Yan, I always have to mop the floor myself
Since you have decided to stay in the Yan room
Then it's better not to splash your face with the girl's warm silk
After all, she is the head of the design department
Besides
And that's not going to take the heat out.
It's better to sell him face
The group hired you to do the design
It's not useless.
As a supervisor
If you don't know how to allocate manpower
You've got to think wrong.
Sorry Mr. Yan
This is not an example.
I will
I will definitely not let Gu Qing open these activities again.
Ah, I'm sorry.
I was hungry.
And I didn't either.
Let's do it together.
Hurry up and follow!
Damn father dear
Make me lose face in front of swallows
I will never let you go.